0 i need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish.
1 ok, how about a thai restaurant? i want address and phone number.
2 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food.
1 is there another venue?
2 what is the address and phone number?
3 thank you, goodbye.
4 i don't care about the price. thank you goodbye.
0 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.
1 i don't have a preference.
2 what is the address?
3 thank you and good bye.
4 bye.
5 goodbye.
0 moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please
1 please give me the address of the british restaurant.
2 what type of food do they serve ?
3 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving italian food.
1 i don't care which area the restaurant is located in.
2 can i have the address and phone number please?
3 what type of food do they serve?
4 thank you
0 i'm looking for malaysian food.
1 how about asian_oriental type of food?
2 no particular area, but i'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
3 is there anything else?
4 thank you, goodbye
0 hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
1 what is their address?
2 thank you good  bye
0 i would like some lebanese food in the west part of town. are there any available?
1 how about thai food?
2 yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.
3 thank you goodbye.
0 can you recommend a restaurant to me in the south part of town?  i don't want to spend a lot of money.
1 the type of food doesn't matter to me.
2 is there anything else?
3 what is the phone number?
4 that will be good. thank you!
0 is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
1 is there anything else?
2 what is the address and phone number?
3 thank you goodbye.
0 hi.  can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
1 may i have the address and phone number please
2 thank you. goodbye.
0 i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
1 can i have the address and phone number?
2 no, thank you goodbye
0 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
1 any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town.
2 great, can i please have their address and postcode?
3 thank you good bye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food in any price range.
1 it does not matter.
2 no, i don't care
3 is there a restaurant that serves international food? can you give me the address?
4 i will try that one.  thank you and good bye.
0 can i have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
1 i do not care.
2 yes it will do. can i have the phone number please ?
3 thank you , good bye.
0 hello, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.
1 i don't care
2 are there any other options?
3 yes, please give me the phone number, address, and postcode.
4 what is the postcode again?
5 thank you, goodbye
0 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. i will need their address.
1 thank you goodbye.
0 i need a restaurant that serves turkish food.
1 i do not have a preference.
2 what is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range?
3 what is the address and price range?
4 what is the food type they are good at ?
5 thank you goodbye.
0 looking for a cheap restaurant.
1 do you have brazilian or portuguese?
2 what is the address?
0 i'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food.
1 what about an indian restaurant?
2 what is the phone number?
3 address please
4 thank you. good bye.
0 i'm looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food.
1 i have no preference.
2 yes, i would like the address of la_raza please.
3 no. thank you, goodbye.
0 i want a cheap portuguese restaurant. give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
1 thank you, goodbye
0 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
1 are there any other places?
2 sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?
3 what is the price range ?
4 that sounds yummy. what is their address and phone number?
5 no thank you.  bye bye!
0 i'm looking for an english restaurant that's moderately priced..
1 okay, then i'm looking for a restaurant with chinese food that's moderately priced.
0 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
1 is there anything else?
2 what kind of food does the_nirala serve?
3 what is their phone number?
4 no, thank you. i have all the information that i need now.
5 good bye
0 i'm looking for a swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
1 mediterranean food.
2 i prefer the expensive price range.
3 thank you. goodbye.
0 is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food?
1 how about thai?
2 great, what is the address and phone number for bangkok_city?
0 i would like a hungarian restaurant in the west of town.
1 is there any indian food on the west side of town.
2 the price range doesn't matter.
3 yes, but just for one.
4 thank you!
5 nope, i'm good. thanks again.
0 is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town?
1 what is the address?
2 what is the phone number and price range?
3 no, that's all the information i needed. thank you. good bye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves persian food.
1 how about a restaurant that serves european food?
2 the area doesn't matter.
3 yes please. and the address as well.
4 thank you goodbye.
0 i want a moroccan restaurant.
1 any price range will be fine.
2 yes. can you find any mediterranean restaurant please
3 i would like the address, phone number, and post code information for la_mimosa please. thank you!
4 that's it. thank you, goodbye
0 i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
1 what is the price range there?
2 excellent. what is their address and phone number?
3 thank you, goodbye!
0 i'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive.
1 chinese food sound good.
2 what is their address and postcode?
3 thank you goodbye.
0 is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food?
1 i do not care what area it is in.
2 how about a cheap restaurant serving italian food?
0 i want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. i would also like its phone number.
1 i appreciate your help. good bye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves welsh food.
1 how about korean food?
2 yes, i would like their address and what part of town they are located in.
3 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food and is in the expensive price range.
1 what is the address and phone number ?
2 thank you good bye.
3 no further assistance needed. goodbye.
0 i need some portuguese food! i need a restaurant in any area. please give me a phone number.
1 is there anything else?
2 thank you. goodbye.
0 is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food?
1 is there any restaurant in the centre serving spanish food?
2 i don't care.
3 la_raza sounds lovely. may i have the number and postcode please?
4 no, thank you, i have all i need.  goodbye!
5 again, goodbye!
0 i am looking for a restaurant that serves caribbean food and in the moderate price range.
1 are there any spanish restaurants?
2 what is the address, phone number, and postcode?
3 thank you good bye.
0 need a restrauant serving turkish style venue
1 any area would be fine! could i please get the address and postcode of a turkish restaurant?
2 thank you goodbye.
0 i need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood.
1 thank you, goodbye.
0 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food
1 how about indian food?
2 yes, what is the address for royal_spice please?
3 thank you. goodbye.
0 i want something in the north part of town. moderately priced.
1 any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the north part of town.
2 i've actually had a bad experience at the gold wok. is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
3 sounds good.  what is the postcode and phone number?
4 thank you. goodbye.
0 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. what is the phone number?
1 thank you. goodbye.
0 i'd like information about a restaurant in south that serves english food.
1 how about chinese food?
2 cheap price range
3 yes, i would like to know the address please
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i need to find a restaurant in the north side of town
1 i don't have a price range. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food.
2 how about french type food?
3 yes. can i get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants?
4 what is the area again sorry ?
5 thank you for your help. have a great evening.
0 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
1 what type of food does golden_wok serve?
2 yes what is the address for the business?
3 great. i have everything i need, thank you
0 hi.  i'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
1 yes, i'd like a restaurant that serves portuguese food.
2 nandos sounds great. thank you.
3 goodbye.
0 can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?
1 what is the address and price range?
2 thank you, goodbye.
0 i'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.  can you recommend one to me?
1 can you suggest me some indian ones ?
2 thank you, can you please give me the address and phone number?
3 thank you, goodbye
0 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
1 can i have the phone number of the chinese place please?
2 ok,  thank you
0 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
1 i don't care what type of food it is.
2 what are their phone numbers?
3 thank you good bye.
0 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.
1 i do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap.
2 yes, how about a restaurant that serves modern_european food?
3 can i get the address and postcode?
4 that's it, thank you, goodbye
0 hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves irish food.
1 yes, i would like an expensive restaurant that serves british food. can i have the phone number please?
2 perfect! thanks, good-bye!
0 hi.  i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
1 i need something that's in the east part of town.
2 what is the phone number?
3 no thank you.  that is all i needed.  bye bye!
0 i am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town.
1 i don't care.
2 okay then, how about a restaurant that serves asian_oriental type of food in the north part of town then?
3 what is the address and phone number?
4 thank you for the information. bye now
0 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves russian food.
1 yes please, is there any restaurant serve british food?
2 no. what is the address and phone number?
3 thank you, good bye
0 find a moderately priced place for me please.
1 i don't care.
2 on the east side of town, please.
3 great! what is the phone number?
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 a north part of town restaurant
1 i do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food.
2 what is the address and phone number?
3 nope, that was all i needed.  thank you.  bye bye.
0 do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? i'll need the address and phone number.
1 thank you good bye.
0 hello! i am looking for the address and phone number of a lebanese restaurant in the centre.
1 thank you, goodbye.
0 hello. i want a cheap barbeque restaurant.
1 are there any cheap indian restaurants?
2 i don't care.
3 yes please
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant.
1 french food.
2 i don't care.
3 i really have no desire for cote. are there other restaurants available?
4 ok i will try this one. i would like the address and phone number please.
5 no, thank you.
0 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. what is the phone number and type of food?
1 ok, thank you.
0 i'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving french food. could you please give me their phone numbers?
1 thank you, goodbye.
0 looking for a restaurant on the south part of town?
1 i do not have a preference.
2 i would like something in the cheap price range, please.
3 can i have the address and phone number please?
4 thank you goodbye.
0 i want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food.
1 indian food of course and what is the phone number?
2 no that will be all. thank you, goodbye.
0 what's a good mid price restaurant?
1 i would like catalan food.
2 how about spanish food?
3 could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?
4 thank you, goodbye
5 bye.
0 looking for an expensive restaurant
1 are there any in the east part of town?
2 what is the phone number and post code of pipasha_restaurant?
3 thank you, goodbye.
0 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. if not then how about modern_european food?
1 i want the most expensive one available.
2 what is the address?
0 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.
1 i don't care.
2 can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number?
0 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food
1 how about chinese food?
2 i dont care
3 can i have the address of them, also the price range ?
4 thank you good bye
0 i would like a restaurant that serves world food. it should be a really good restaurant, and it's ok if it's expensive.
1 how about italian ? i would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive, i would like the address, phone number and area
2 thank you goodbye
0 is there a moderate priced restaurant?
1 yes, in the east part of town.
2 what is the address of one of them?
3 excellent, thanks!
4 that's it, goodbye
0 i would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please.
1 address and phone number, please
2 thank you good bye
3 thanks so much.  bye bye.
0 i am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in indonesian food, please.
1 what about italian food?
2 yes, may i have the address and phone number please?
3 thank you, goodbye.
4 bye.
0 hello, i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town.
1 what is the address and phone number?
2 thank  you. good bye.
0 caribbean food in the east part of town. if no such place, indian.
1 great!  did you find any indian restaurants in the east part of town?
2 no.
3 yes, i'd like the address and phone number please.
4 thank you goodbye.
0 i need a south restaurant with british food.
1 is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town?
2 no, any price range is fine. i would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.
3 no, thank you.
0 can i get the address and cuisine type of a  moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?
1 what type of food do they serve?
2 thank you goodbye.
0 get me a restaurant that serves european food.
1 i dont really care.
2 any price range is fine.
3 could i have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?
4 no, thank you.
0 i want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
1 i don't care
2 ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?
3 great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie_and_bennys?
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side.
1 i don't care.
2 what is the address?
3 how about their postcode?
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
1 i don't have any preference.
2 do you have a phone number for them?
3 have a good evening.
0 i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
1 i do not have a preference.
2 da_vinci_pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.
3 of course!
4 no, thank you. that is all.
0 i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town.
1 i don't care. what have you found?
2 yes, please. phone number and address
3 thank you. bye.
0 i'm looking for a gastropub restaurant.
1 can i have the address and postcode.
2 thank you, goodbye
0 hello, i am looking for a malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.
1 no, how about a french restaurant instead?
2 phone number, please.
3 thanks, goodbye!
0 hi, i want a tuscan restaurant that's expensively priced.
1 how about korean food?
2 yes please.
3 no, thank you.
0 hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food.
1 can i please have the phone number and address ?
2 thank you goodbye.
0 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food
1 how about a moderate one ?
2 yes. address and phone number for anatolia.
3 what is the postcode?
4 thank you goodbye.
0 i need a south restaurant with some greek food.
1 no, any price range is fine.
2 how about italian?
3 phone number and postcode, please.
4 thank you goodbye.
5 thank you goodbye.
0 a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
1 is there anything else?
2 address and phone number please
3 that's all i need.. thank you and good bye.
0 can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
1 i do not care what kind of food.
2 what is the address and phone number of the golden_wok?
3 thank you, goodbye.
0 i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.
1 is there anything else?
2 is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town?
3 address and phone number for royal_spice, yes please.
4 no, that's everything. thank you. goodbye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
1 is there anything else?
2 no, that's okay. what chinese restaurants are there on the east side?
3 is there another chinese restaurant in the east?
4 what is the phone number for yu_garden?
5 no, i think that's it. thank you for your help.
0 a moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.
1 i would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please.
2 what is the postcode?
3 thank you, that'll be all!
0 is there an expensive french restaurant in town?
1 which is closest to me?
2 what is the food type they serve ?
3 i don't know.
4 thank you
0 do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food?
1 what about a restaurant that serves chinese food? what is their phone number?
2 no, it doesn't matter
3 thank you, goodbye
0 a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.
1 yes please.
2 phone number?
3 that's it, thank you. good bye.
0 yes. i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
1 indian, please.
2 yes, please. and also the address.
3 thank you goodbye.
0 i want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food.
1 vietnamese, please. give me their address and phone number as well.
0 i want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. i need the address, phone number, and type of food.
1 mexican will be fine. could i have the address and phone please?
2 thank you. goodbye.
0 i'd like a place that serves world food in the east part of town.
1 how about indian food?
2 i would like the address and phone number of curry_prince.
3 no, thank you goobye.
0 can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
1 i don't care.
2 yes, i would like world food.
3 maybe some indian food?
0 i am looking for a german restaurant in the west part of town.
1 how about italian?
2 what is the phone number of one of them?
3 thank you goodbye.
0 i would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food.
1 what is the phone number?
2 thank you very much, bye
0 i would like inexpensive turkish food.
1 ok, how about an italian restaurant?
2 i do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. please make a suggestion.
3 can i get the address and phone number?
4 no, thank you. good bye.
0 what is that european food place's address?
1 no, any part of town is fine.
2 thank you, goodbye.
0 hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food.
1 can i have the asian_oriental type of food then ?
2 do you have an address?
3 may i have the postcode please?
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food.
1 yes do you have british type food?
2 i don't care.
3 may i have the phone number?
4 thank you goodbye.
0 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. what is the address and phone number?
1 what is their address and phone number?
0 i want british food that is moderately priced.
1 how about the west part of town.
2 thank you goodbye.
0 hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
1 how about turkish food?
2 i do not care
3 address, please.
4 thank you goodbye
0 i am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town.
1 is there another one as well?
2 is there anything british available?
3 what is the address and postcode?
4 no, i think that does it. thank you for the info.
5 goodbye.
0 hello, i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves indonesian food.
1 oh, well how about european food then? also in the centre of town please.
2 i don't care.
3 may i have the phone number and postcode?
4 no, that's all i need, thank you very much.
5 thank you goodbye.
0 i need to find some caribbean food in south town.
1 how about an italian restaurant? i will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant.
2 what part of town is frankie_and_bennys located?
3 thank you, goodbye
0 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food.
1 no specific area.
2 are there european types of restaurants?
3 phone number and address of cambridge_lodge_restaurant please
4 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food.
1 no thank you
2 thank you good bye.
0 a cheap jamaican restaurant, please. if you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
1 okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place?
2 thank you
0 i am looking for african food
1 yes. i need the address please.
2 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food.
1 are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town?
2 any price range would be fine.
3 please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants.
4 can i have the phone number to one more restarant please?
5 no, thank you.  that is good.  good bye.
0 i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. i need its address and phone number please
1 thank you goodbye.
0 i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food. what is the phone number and address?
1 thanks, goodbye.
2 goodbye
0 i want a restaurant in the north part of town.
1 i want a restaurant that is moderately priced.
2 what is their address and phone number?
3 thank you, goodbye.
0 i am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food.
1 ok, how about vietnamese food?
2 can i have the address please?
3 thank you!
0 is there any place that serves bbq around here?
1 i am interested in portuguese food.
2 i don't care. can you give me one of the address ?
3 i don't care about the price range.
0 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
1 thank you. can i have the address please?
2 thank you. i would like their price range and phone number as well please.
3 thank you, goodbye.
4 goodbye.
0 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
1 yes please
2 is there something else?
3 what is the address and phone number?
4 no, thank you. good bye.
0 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
1 any type of food is fine
2 is there anything else?
3 i need the address.
4 thank you goodbye.
5 good bye
0 i am looking for italian food in the north part of town.
1 may i have the address and phone number of da_vinci_pizzeria?
2 thank you. goodbye.
0 i'm looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant.
1 yes,  can you please check for a turkish restaurant?
2 may i have the address for anatolia?
3 thank you
0 hello i would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount.
1 yes and the address.
0 hello. i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
1 i want to know their address, phone number, and type of food, please
2 thank you, that is all i needed to know.  have a good night.
0 hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food.
1 yes, how about indian food
2 what is the phone number?
3 no that is all. thank you, goodbye.
